Sync updates docs (#2832)
kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker: docs/user/03-25-runtime-updates.md

   ```bash
   curl --request PATCH \
   --url http://localhost:8080/oauth/v2/service_instances/azure-cluster \
   --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
   --header 'X-Broker-API-Version: 2.16' \
   --data '{
      "service_id": "47c9dcbf-ff30-448e-ab36-d3bad66ba281",
      "plan_id": "4deee563-e5ec-4731-b9b1-53b42d855f0c",
      "context": {
      },
      "parameters": {
         "machineType": "Standard_D2s_v5"
      }
   }'
   ```
The broker response with HTTP 200 status, because there is no need to create an update operation. Nothing has changed.

Next update, which modifies machine type again:
   ```bash
   curl --request PATCH \
   --url http://localhost:8080/oauth/v2/service_instances/azure-cluster \
   --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
   --header 'X-Broker-API-Version: 2.16' \
   --data '{
      "service_id": "47c9dcbf-ff30-448e-ab36-d3bad66ba281",
      "plan_id": "4deee563-e5ec-4731-b9b1-53b42d855f0c",
      "context": {
      },
      "parameters": {
         "machineType": "Standard_D4s_v5"
      }
   }'
   ```
The response is HTTP 202, because the `machineType` parameter has changed and the update operation is created and processed asynchronously.

> Do not wait for a success, execute next update request, which does not modify any parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not wait for success. Execute the next update request that does not modify any parameter:
```

   ```bash
   curl --request PATCH \
   --url http://localhost:8080/oauth/v2/service_instances/azure-cluster \
   --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
   --header 'X-Broker-API-Version: 2.16' \
   --data '{
      "service_id": "47c9dcbf-ff30-448e-ab36-d3bad66ba281",
      "plan_id": "4deee563-e5ec-4731-b9b1-53b42d855f0c",
      "context": {
      },
      "parameters": {
         "machineType": "Standard_D4s_v5"
      }
   }'
   ```
You will see exactly the same response with the same operation ID like the previous update request, because the last operation has not finished and the parameters are the same. The broker response with HTTP 202 status, but no new operation is created.

> # Last operation has not finished

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Last Operation Has Not Finished
```

The update request is processed asynchronously when the last operation has not finished. The update request start a new operation, when the last operation has failed, because the runtime may be in an unexpected state and the update operation is a way to verify the runtime status and provide those information to the user. 
If the last operation is still in progress but parameters are the same, you will get HTTP 202 Accepted status, but no new operation will be created. The response contains operation ID of the last operation.

> ## Suspension and unsuspension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Suspension and Unsuspension
```

> The `active` context parameter change is always processed synchronously - the response status is HTTP 200 even if under the hood a new operation is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **active** context parameter change is always processed synchronously - the response status is HTTP 200 even if, under the hood, a new operation is created.
```
